chore(docs): provide clear guidance on DPU configuration for site-controller nodes (#3048)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

### Site controller node DPU requirements

Site controller nodes must be equipped with fully provisioned DPUs (Bluefield-3s) which are configured **before** the Kubernetes cluster is set up. We do not support configuring site controller nodes without DPUs today. NICo does not provision the site controller nodes' own DPUs — it only manages DPUs on downstream bare-metal hosts after ingestion.

Specifically, you must complete the following before proceeding:

- Flash the DPU firmware to the latest supported version using the BlueField Firmware Bundle. Latest supported firmware versions:

  | DOCA  | HBN   |
  | ----- | ----- |

>   | 2.9.3 | 2.4.3 |

Reviewer: Same question as previous file: if you include version numbers, you have to maintain them, vs linking to release pages and letting the reader figure out what they need to do. UNLESS...do we not support the very latest releases?

Author: Yep :) we not support the very latest releases

> - Configure the Bluefield-3 device in DPU mode (operating mode). We do not support having DPUs in NIC mode today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the Bluefield-3 device in DPU mode (operating mode). We do not currently support NIC mode.
```

- Ensure the DPU ARM OS is booted and reachable via its management interface.

> - Verify that the DPU can connect to the outside world (curl -k https://www.google.com)

Reviewer: Same as previous file...
```suggestion
- Verify that the DPU can connect to the outside world (curl -I https://www.nvidia.com)
```

Refer to the NVIDIA DOCA documentation and the BlueField Firmware Bundle download archive for firmware flashing instructions and supported firmware versions:

> [https://developer.nvidia.com/doca-2-9-3-download-archive?deployment_platform=BlueField&deployment_package=BF-FW-Bundle](https://developer.nvidia.com/doca-2-9-3-download-archive?deployment_platform=BlueField&deployment_package=BF-FW-Bundle)

Reviewer: Same question, really. :) Can we just link to the docs and the release page(s) directly, instead of having to increment here every time these get updated?

Author: I dont think we have a good alternative to this given that we dont support the latest published DPU firmware.
